RENT AGREEMENT
THIS RENT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into on the 15th day
of June, 2022 by and between:
Lessor: Captain Jack Sparrow, an individual with an address at The Black Pearl,
Caribbean Sea (the "Lessor");
Lessee: Will Turner, an individual with an address at Port Royal, Jamaica (the
"Lessee").
WHEREAS, the Lessor is the lawful owner and possessor of certain premises known as
a cabin on board The Black Pearl, located on the Caribbean Sea (the "Premises"); and
WHEREAS, the Lessee desires to rent the Premises for residential purposes only;
NOW, THEREFORE, the Lessor and the Lessee hereby agree as follows:
1. Premises. The Lessor hereby rents to the Lessee the Premises, together with all
ﬁxtures, appliances, and personal property located thereon, for residential
purposes only, for a term of six (6) months, commencing on the 15th day of
June, 2022 and ending on the 14th day of December, 2022 (the "Term").
2. Rent. The Lessee shall pay to the Lessor the sum of $1000 per month as rent
for the Premises (the "Rent"), which shall be due and payable on the ﬁrst day of
each month during the Term. The Lessee shall also pay a security deposit of
$3000 (the "Security Deposit"), which shall be returned to the Lessee at the end
of the Term if the Premises are returned in the same condition as when
received.
3. Utilities. The Lessee shall be responsible for paying for all utilities used during
the Term, including but not limited to electricity, water, and internet.
4. Maintenance. The Lessor shall be responsible for the maintenance and repair of
the Premises. The Lessee shall notify the Lessor of any necessary repairs or
maintenance and the Lessee shall keep the Premises in a clean and orderly
condition.
5. Quiet Enjoyment. The Lessee shall not use the Premises in such a manner as to
disturb the peace and quiet of the surrounding area.6. Subletting. The Lessee shall not sublet the Premises without the prior written
consent of the Lessor.
7. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon giving written
notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the desired termination
date.
8. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Caribbean Sea.
9. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether
oral or written, regarding the subject matter of this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date ﬁrst
above written.
Lessor (Captain Jack Sparrow) Lessee (Will Turner)
ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED:
Lessor (Captain Jack Sparrow) Lessee (Will Turner)